Update community resources for migration guides (#11376)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-docusaurus.mdx

## Community Resources

<CardGrid>

>   <LinkCard title="Speeding up documentation by 10 times" href="https://habr.com/ru/articles/880220/"/>

Reviewer: Nothing wrong here but I'm wondering what we should do with links in another language... Here, without checking if a locale is present in the URL, the user might expect a link in English since the title is translated while the link is in Russian. So it could be confusing.

Here are some ideas:
* We could add an `hreflang="ru"` attribute which I think could help with accessibility... but there is no visual clue. So, not ideal.
* We could just add a visual clue (e.g. `(ru)` at the end of the title). I think this is common enough to be understandable. Not sure if this makes sense with screen readers without the `hreflang` though.
* We could use the first two points together. And this could even be a custom `LinkCard` component that wraps the Starlight one and that accepts an optional `locale` to both set the `hreflang` and concatenate the title with a visual clue (e.g. `(ru)`... not sure how it should work with RTL languages though). However, this could be confusing for writers to have the choice between two similar components.

I'm not sure what else we could do here at the moment. So it was mainly to highlight the possible confusion! 😅

Reviewer: Honestly I don't have a strong opinion on this I just wanted to point this out just in case because this is something we tend to do in the French translation at least with community resources (title + `(en)`). So I'm used to look at this. I think that's also something that is done on the German translation (at least I think trueberryless mention that on Discord).

I thought we had links in Spanish, I wanted to check what was done but impossible... it may be from the removed community recipes. Or the title is translated without a language indication and I only noticed that while translating in French.

But, good point, I hadn't thought of writing the whole language name as an alternative! Seems easier than a custom component. 😆 Yet I had already seen that in the `What's new in Astro` posts. Perhaps this is because they are regular lists instead of cards lists so I didn't make the connection. 😅 

I don't know if there are any statistics regarding the use of browser machine translation but this is indeed something to consider! I am probably the exception that proves the rule... so I haven't thought of this neither!
I rarely use it and certainly not in an automatic way (I prefer to opt-in on a case per case basis, and to be honest this remains pretty rare because I rarely read things in other languages than the ones I know). And I like to know in advance where I'm going to land. But, just looking at the URL is fine for me. Not sure what others do.

So we can probably ignore this. It could land in the box "we thought about it but we didn't see the point" (NWTWWHB? funny enough while checking if I spell it correctly it's [your website](https://www.rainsberger.ca/blog/50-49-nwtwwhb/) that appears first 😄 ).

>   <LinkCard title="Speeding up documentation by 10 times" href="https://habr.com/ru/articles/880220/"/>

Author: ```suggestion
  <LinkCard title="Speeding up documentation by 10 times (Russian)" href="https://habr.com/ru/articles/880220/"/>
```

</CardGrid>

:::note[Have a resource to share?]

> If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Docusaurus site to Astro, edit this page and add it here!

Author: ```suggestion
If you found (or made!) a helpful video or blog post about converting a Docusaurus site to Astro, [add it to this list](https://github.com/withastro/docs/edit/main/src/content/docs/en/guides/migrate-to-astro/from-docusaurus.mdx)!
```
